Introduce top level config migration (#9223)
containerd/containerd: RELEASES.md

is versioned and backwards compatible.  The `version` field in the config
file specifies the config's version.  If no version number is specified inside
the config file then it is assumed to be a version 1 config and parsed as such.

> The latest version is `version = 3`. Older versions will be migrated

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The latest version is `version = 2`. The main branch is being prepared to support the next config version `3`.
```

is versioned and backwards compatible.  The `version` field in the config
file specifies the config's version.  If no version number is specified inside
the config file then it is assumed to be a version 1 config and parsed as such.
The latest version is `version = 2`. The `main` branch is being prepared to support
the next config version `3`. The configuration is automatically migrated to the
latest version on each startup, leaving the configuration file unchanged. To avoid
the migration and optimize the daemon startup time, use `containerd config migrate`
to output the configuration as the latest version. Version 1 was previously

> deprecated but it is no longer deprecated and instead part of the migration.

Reviewer: Can we still explicitly discourage using config v1?

|----------------------------------------------------------------------------------|---------------------|----------------------------|------------------------------------------|
| Runtime V1 API and implementation (`io.containerd.runtime.v1.linux`)             | containerd v1.4     | containerd v2.0 ✅         | Use `io.containerd.runc.v2`              |
| Runc V1 implementation of Runtime V2 (`io.containerd.runc.v1`)                   | containerd v1.4     | containerd v2.0 ✅         | Use `io.containerd.runc.v2`              |

> | config.toml `version = 1`                                                        | containerd v1.5     | containerd v2.0 ✅         | Use config.toml `version = 2`            |

Reviewer: The table should retain completed items

Reviewer: (v1.x users still refer to this document in the main branch)

Author: Leaving it in the deprecation table is confusing. I mentioned that it is no longer deprecated in the config section. Users shouldn't have to think about it much anymore now that a utility is available to migrate if they want to, but don't need to.

Author: > (v1.x users still refer to this document in the main branch)

Version 1 still works in v1.x though, what does a user need to see here?
